More documentation fixes (#75)
epinio/docs: src/howtos/install_epinio_on_k3d.md

# Creating a K3d Kubernetes Cluster

> This page was written using the following versions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This how-to was written using the following versions:
```

```bash
$ kubectl get nodes
NAME                  STATUS   ROLES                  AGE   VERSION
k3d-epinio-server-0   Ready    control-plane,master   38s   v1.22.6+k3s1
```

### Install Epinio on the Cluster

> Follow ["magic" DNS setup](../installation/magicDNS_setup.md) to define the system domain you will use for Epinio.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow ["magic" DNS setup](../installation/magicDNS_setup.md) to define the domain name you will use for Epinio.
```
